Better gameobject initialization (#1333)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: UPGRADE_GUIDE.md

}
```

### `IEntityGameObjectCreator` changes

#### Implement `PopulateEntityTypeExpectations` method

If you have written custom GameObject creators implementing `IEntityGameObjectCreator`, you will now have to implement a `PopulateEntityTypeExpectations` method.

This method is used to define a set of components expected on an entity to be able create GameObjects for a given entity type.

For example, the `GameObjectCreatorFromMetadata` class implements it like so:

```csharp
public void PopulateEntityTypeExpectations(EntityTypeExpectations entityTypeExpectations)
{

>     entityTypeExpectations.RegisterDefault(new[]

Reviewer: I would like a non-default registration here as well, with some bogus component names. Just to show the API

}
```

### `IEntityGameObjectCreator` changes

#### Implement `PopulateEntityTypeExpectations` method

If you have written custom GameObject creators implementing `IEntityGameObjectCreator`, you will now have to implement a `void PopulateEntityTypeExpectations(EntityTypeExpectations entityTypeExpectations)` method.

The `EntityTypeExpectations` class provides two public methods for defining a set of components expected on an entity to be able create GameObjects for a given entity type:

- `void RegisterDefault(IEnumerable<Type> defaultComponentTypes = null)`
- `void RegisterEntityType(string entityType, IEnumerable<Type> expectedComponentTypes = null)`

For example, the `GameObjectCreatorFromMetadata` class implements the method like so:

```csharp
public void PopulateEntityTypeExpectations(EntityTypeExpectations entityTypeExpectations)
{
    entityTypeExpectations.RegisterDefault(new[]
    {
        typeof(Position.Component)
    });
}
```

> The `AdvancedEntityPipeline` in the FPS Starter Project makes use of both public methods on the `EntityTypeExpectations` class. This is done in order to use a specifc method for creating "Player" GameObjects, and a fallback for any other entity type:

Author: ```suggestion
The `AdvancedEntityPipeline` in the FPS Starter Project makes use of both public methods on the `EntityTypeExpectations` class. This is done in order to wait for specific components when creating "Player" GameObjects, and a different set of components for any other entity type:
```

The `EntityTypeExpectations` class provides two public methods for defining a set of components expected on an entity to be able create GameObjects for a given entity type:

- `void RegisterDefault(IEnumerable<Type> defaultComponentTypes = null)`

> - `void RegisterEntityType(string entityType, IEnumerable<Type> expectedComponentTypes = null)`

Reviewer 2: The explanation on L55 is a little out of date (it mentions a specific method which ins't true anymore).

Author: fixed
